welcome to Montana and builders latest
community at Darlie green located in the
heart of the Claymont Delaware
Renaissance district this community was
designed with the vision of creating a
fuller more comfortable living
environment these beautiful homes
nestled along tree-lined streets offer
exceptional value perfect for the
first-time homebuyer
growing families and retirees these
spacious Tonys and two-story
condominiums include many upgraded
features as standard including gourmet
kitchens large walk-in closets
energy-efficient gas heating and a
10-year warranty program
another reason for the universal appeal
of this community is its qv8 location
located just five miles from a Commodore
Barry bridge five miles from the city of
Wilmington 25 minutes from Philadelphia
and one hour from Baltimore easy access
to I 95 I 495 Amtrak and septa stations
and the Philadelphia International
Airport this growing community is
something for everyone
coming soon as the state of the art
claim on public library they
successfully combining the warm feel of
yesterday's neighborhood with
conveniences that meet the needs of
today's lifestyles this exciting new
community provides homebuyers with many
unique advantages with excellent schools
a community Town Center jogging trails
shops and restaurants all within walking
distance
Darley green offers multiple floor plans
and multiple models
by creating an environment that meets
the needs of a wide variety of
lifestyles in a family friendly
atmosphere it's no wonder this new
community is making headlines with more
than a hundred homes sold to date come
see what everyone is talking about visit
us today
Darley green we're convenience comfort
and charm reside